

# Template Website: An opinionated setup for building and developing Quarto-based websites

<!-- TODO: Include DOI after uploading -->

[![Copier](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/copier-org/copier/master/img/badge/badge-grayscale-inverted-border-teal.json?raw=true)](https://github.com/copier-org/copier)
[![GitHub
License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/seedcase-project/template-website.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
[![GitHub
Release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/seedcase-project/template-website.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website/releases/latest)
[![Test](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website/actions/workflows/test.yml)
[![Build
website](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website/actions/workflows/build-website.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website/actions/workflows/build-website.yml)
[![CodeQL](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website/actions/workflows/github-code-scanning/codeql)
[![pre-commit.ci
status](https://results.pre-commit.ci/badge/github/seedcase-project/template-website/main.svg)](https://results.pre-commit.ci/latest/github/seedcase-project/template-website/main)
[![lifecycle](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/figures/lifecycle-experimental.svg)](https://lifecycle.r-lib.org/articles/stages.html#experimental)
[![Project Status: Active – The project has reached a stable, usable
state and is being actively
developed.](https://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/active.svg)](https://www.repostatus.org/#active)

This repository contains a [copier](https://copier.readthedocs.io/)
template for setting up a new repository for building Quarto-based
websites. Along with the infrastructure for Quarto, this template also
includes configurations and support files for developing and managing
the website.

Check out our [website](https://template-website.seedcase-project.org/)
for more information, such as the features it provides and a
[guide](https://template-website.seedcase-project.org/docs/guide/) to
using the template. For a list of changes, see our
[changelog](https://template-website.seedcase-project.org/docs/releases/)
page.

## Contributing

Check out our [contributing
page](https://template-website.seedcase-project.org/contributing/) for
information on how to contribute to the project, including how to set up
your development environment.

Please note that this project is released with a [Contributor Code of
Conduct](https://github.com/seedcase-project/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
By participating in this project you agree to abide by its terms.

## Licensing

This project is licensed under the [MIT
License](https://github.com/seedcase-project/template-website/blob/main/LICENSE.md).

## Citing

This project is part of the Seedcase Project, which is a collaborative
effort to create a framework for data management and analysis in
research. If you use this project in your work, please cite it as
follows:

Johnston L.W., Brødbæk S.K., Beicher K., Vago M. Template Website: An
opinionated setup for building and developing Quarto-based websites URL:
https://template-website.seedcase-project.org

Or as a BibTeX entry:

    @misc{YourReferenceHere,
    author = {Johnston, Luke William and Brødbæk, Signe Kirk and Beicher, Kristiane and Vago, Marton},
    title = {Template Website: An opinionated setup for building and developing Quarto-based websites},
    url = {https://template-website.seedcase-project.org}
    }
